*Play--Scaffold*

To use, reference the module from your application.conf:
module.scaffold=C:/Path/To/Play/Modules/scaffold/

Then create your project:
play new

Actually, maybe you should create your project first, and then edit its application.conf.

Now, add some JPA or Siena models. The model entities have to extend play.db.jpa.Model or siena.Model.

Then run:
play scaffold:gen

Then launch your application:
play run

*Additional Options*

--with-layout: 
Creates the main.html template layout file and an Application.index view which simply enumerates your controllers.  Because these files already exist in the default Play! project, you usually need to use --overwrite to ensure they are written. If you don't want controllers and views to be written as well, use --exclude:~ to omit them.

--with-login:
Requires you to use the secure module as well.  This will cause generated controllers to be marked with the @With(Secure.class) annotation to require a login.  It also creates a model called User, a default authentify implementation and, if --with-layout is specified, will add Login | Logout links to the Application.index home page.  The User model extends play.db.jpa.Model.  If you are using an alternative ORM, you are on your own (at this time.)

--include=...:
Allows you to restrict controller and view scaffolding to the specified models.  Allows a "~" wildcard.  For example --include=a~s will only build a controller and views for models that begin with "a" and end with "s".

--exclude=...:
Allows you to restrict controller and view scaffolding to the specified models.  Allows a "~" wildcard.  For example --exclude=a~s will only build a controller and views for models that DO NOT begin with "a" and end with "s".  If both --include and --exclude are specified, --exclude has precedence.

--overwrite
By default, we won't overwrite files if they already exist.  This flag will instruct us to overwrite anything we are trying to generate, even if it exists already.

*Model Annotations*

We try to infer as much information as possible from the model, but it could be useful to instruct the
scaffolding code to generate (or ignore) fields in a particular fashion.  We allow you to use two annotations
to control this behavior:

@NoScaffolding: this causes the scaffolding generator to ignore the annotated field

@ViewScaffoldingOverride: this lets you define the FormElementType that you would like an annotated field to
be rendered as

* KNOWN ISSUES *

ManyToOne dropdowns will show a (None) field if they are not flagged with the @Required annotation.  On Play!
1.0, this binds to an empty model with a null id which will likely fail to save due to a TransientObjectException.
On Play! 1.1, this binds to a null field, which is what we would typically want.

ManyToMany multiple selection boxes do not work on Play! 1.0.  They do appear to work as expected on Play! 1.1.

Because both of these issues work on Play! 1.1, no attempt will be made to correct them.  Once Play! 1.1 is released
to production, no further attempt to preserve compatibility with Play! 1.0 will be made.

